README.md, before:

# Previous Day Top Gainer Scraper

 <br />

### Core Dependencies
|Dependency|Description|
|:---------|:----------|
| beautifulsoup4 | Parsing HTML and XML documents |
| python-oracledb | Oracle database connection | 

 <br />

### Pre-Requisite
1. Install Oracle database
2. Execute `create.sql`
3. Edit `config.ini`, change Oracle login credentials and logger file directory

 <br />

### Local Debug Setup

1. Run `py -m venv VENV_NAME` to create project virtual environment
2. Go to venv directory, then execute `activate`
3. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install dependencies
4. Debug in your IDE

 <br />

### Build Executable File
1. Run `pip install pyinstaller`
2. Run `pyinstaller main.py --icon=<icon_path>` to export this project as the executable file in `dist` folder 

 <br />

### Export Dependencies list
1. Run `pip3 freeze > requirements.txt`

<br />

### What It Does
Scrape information (ticker symbol, close and volume, etc.) of top 20 U.S market gainers in previous day from Finviz

<img width="943" alt="finviz" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/8e34c0c1-bb07-452d-aeee-5a3d0724c98d">


<br />
<br />

### Schedule Job Setup For Automatic Execution (For Windows)
1. Open Windows task scheduler

2. Create task
<img width="956" alt="task" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/47ebd964-eca8-4fb5-bdcc-6f23f3171b12">

3. Input criterion (Run daily at 4 a.m)
 <img width="954" alt="task3" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/24c30777-4eb3-4b9b-abfc-79b2d3877d1f">
 
4. Check "Run task as soon as possible after a scheduled start is missed" in Setting tab
<img width="1084" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-27 110750" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/cf3f82ed-93c2-458b-a0ee-fb054d3810de">

Commit message:

1. Change Pyinstaller Build Configuration 2. Use Discord Chabot Instead of Pyttsx3 3. Add Empty Top Gainer List Handling

README.md, after:

# Previous Day Top Gainer Scraper

 <br />

### Core Dependencies
|Dependency|Description|
|:---------|:----------|
| beautifulsoup4 | Parsing HTML and XML documents |
| python-oracledb | Oracle database connection | 

 <br />

### Pre-Requisite
1. Install Oracle database
2. Execute `create.sql`
3. Edit `config.ini`, change Oracle login credentials and logger file directory
4. Create discord account and server, [set up your discord chatbot](https://streamlabs.com/content-hub/post/connecting-chatbot-to-discord-desktop-chatbot)
5. Create environment variables using this command: 
```
SET
DISCORD_CHATBOT_TOKEN=<your_chatbot_token>
DISCORD_TEXT_TO_SPEECH_CHANNEL_ID=<the_channel_id_for_text_to_speech>
DISCORD_YESTERDAY_TOP_GAINER_SCRAPER_HISTORY_CHANNEL_ID=<the_channel_id_for_displaying_scraper_history>
CHATBOT_ERROR_LOG=<the_channel_id_for_displaying_error_log>
```

 <br />

### Local Debug Setup

1. Run `py -m venv VENV_NAME` to create project virtual environment
2. Go to venv directory, then execute `activate`
3. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install dependencies
4. Debug in your IDE

 <br />

### Build Executable File
1. Run `pip install pyinstaller`
2. Run `pyinstaller main.py main.spec` to export this project as the executable file in `dist` folder 

 <br />

### Export Dependencies list
1. Run `pip3 freeze > requirements.txt`

<br />

### What It Does
Scrape information (ticker symbol, close and volume, etc.) of top 20 U.S market gainers in previous day from Finviz

<img width="943" alt="finviz" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/8e34c0c1-bb07-452d-aeee-5a3d0724c98d">


<br />
<br />

### Schedule Job Setup For Automatic Execution (For Windows)
1. Open Windows task scheduler

2. Create task
<img width="956" alt="task" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/47ebd964-eca8-4fb5-bdcc-6f23f3171b12">

3. Input criterion (Run daily at 4 a.m)
 <img width="954" alt="task3" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/24c30777-4eb3-4b9b-abfc-79b2d3877d1f">
 
4. Check "Run task as soon as possible after a scheduled start is missed" in Setting tab
<img width="1084" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-27 110750" src="https://github.com/homeboykeroro/previous_day_top_gainer_scraper/assets/85852490/cf3f82ed-93c2-458b-a0ee-fb054d3810de">
